<div align='center'>

<h1>E-Commerce Django Project: Feature Documentation</h1>
<p>Welcome to the documentation for our fourth Django project, an advanced e-commerce platform designed to elevate the user experience and ensure secure transactions. This document provides an overview of the key features implemented in the system.</p> <h2>Django Sessions for Enhanced User Experience</h2><p> ⦁ Overview: Django sessions have been implemented to enhance user experience by persisting user-specific information across requests. This includes authentication details and personalized preferences.</p><p>⦁ Purpose: The utilization of Django sessions ensures a seamless and tailored user experience, providing a foundation for maintaining user states and preferences.</p> <h2>Utilized Celery and RabbitMQ for Asynchronous Email Processing</h2><p> ⦁ Overview: Celery, a distributed task queue system, and RabbitMQ, a message broker, have been integrated to handle asynchronous tasks, primarily focusing on email processing.</p><p></p> ⦁ Purpose: This integration significantly improves application performance by delegating resource-intensive tasks, such as sending emails, to background processes.</p> <h2>Integrated Stripe Payment Gateway for Secure Transactions</h2><p> ⦁ Overview: The Stripe payment gateway has been seamlessly integrated into the application to facilitate secure online transactions.</p><p></p> ⦁ Purpose: The integration with Stripe ensures that users can make payments securely, leveraging various supported payment methods.</p> <h2>Developed Webhook Endpoint to Handle Stripe Events</h2> <p>⦁ Overview: A webhook endpoint has been developed to handle events triggered by the Stripe payment gateway in real-time. ⦁ Purpose: This functionality ensures that the application can respond promptly to critical events such as successful payments or subscription changes.</p> Managed Order Status, Marking Orders as Paid or Pending Payment ⦁ Overview: A comprehensive system has been implemented to manage the status of orders, allowing for the distinction between paid and pending payment states. ⦁ Purpose: Efficiently tracking the transactional states of orders provides real-time information for both users and administrators regarding the progress of orders. Generate PDF Invoices Dynamically ⦁ Overview: The application dynamically generates PDF invoices for orders, providing users with a professional and downloadable document summarizing their transactions. ⦁ Purpose: This feature enhances the professional appearance of the platform and provides users with a tangible record of their purchases. Creating a Coupon System ⦁ Overview: A flexible coupon system has been implemented, allowing for the configuration of discounts and promotions. ⦁ Purpose: The coupon system enhances the platform's marketing capabilities, providing users with the opportunity to benefit from discounts during the checkout process. Conclusion These features collectively contribute to creating a sophisticated and user-centric e-commerce platform. The emphasis on security, real-time responsiveness, and additional functionalities such as dynamic invoicing and coupon systems ensures a robust and feature-rich user</p>

<h4> <span> · </span> <a href="https://github.com/Sameh Mahmoud/my-shop/blob/master/README.md"> Documentation </a> <span> · </span> <a href="https://github.com/Sameh Mahmoud/my-shop/issues"> Report Bug </a> <span> · </span> <a href="https://github.com/Sameh Mahmoud/my-shop/issues"> Request Feature </a> </h4>


</div>

## :star2: About the Project
